Update Charts link, replace spaces with tabs in Make file (#14)
openebs/helm-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

The helm operator is typically built/updated upon one or both the below cases: 

> - New release of OpenEBS helm charts in [openebs/stable](https://github.com/openebs/charts).

Reviewer: n_: change this to openebs/charts?

> - New release of OpenEBS helm charts in [openebs/stable](https://github.com/openebs/charts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New release of OpenEBS helm chart is available in artifacthub.io [openebs/openebs](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/openebs/openebs).
```
